All right ahh
Yeah, I I The thing is, I think I was just talking.
And I think those were my prayers. I was just
Talking into this thing, like what do I do? Like asking questions.
And I didn't realize, it wasn't like, okay, sit down, dear God.
Like, it was just like, what am I doing with it? Like, Jesus.
Noo
I'm gonna take my time. Like, please show me.
What am I supposed to do? And from there, I think...
It just gradually...
um
Like Little by little, I think God gave me sight.
and one of them was...um
This time you need to plan like a business trip.
And then I was required to go in um
Observe this refractory.
And then um and then at this factory I had to like...
Make sure, yes.
That was my first international business trip. I had other business trip
in United States. I've I've been flying around all over the United States.
Because we had to pick up all these startup companies.
and see if these startup companies can meet the demands of whatever
customers needed and one of them was like I had to go to the factory.
to see if they can meet the demands of what the customer in the U.S. needed.
And I was, asked to go there because of my translation skills.
So the customer requested me to go with her.
Yeah, so and then I would do the translation and then we'll walk through the factory to see if
Um They could meet the demands and then when I was there
I ran into like a kid that's like literally
High school age, I think.
think extremely like he he was like right out of middle school.
He asked what are you doing?like
What are you doing here? And and for him it was work.
and he and
He acted to make a living. And then I started to ask a question like...
Would he have been there if he had a choice?
had a little hack like if you love it and you're there, that's one thing.
But if you're there because you have no other choice, so I think that
God planted that in my mind. And then
Um I I came back and that always stuck with me.
And then ah right after that was the Columbine High School shooting.
And I was just completely shocked.
I was like oh my gosh, I couldn't find any words.
And then I remember that day going into the office.
and you know how they were complaining like oh it's the video games that
these kids replied and then I just at the lunch room I just
and while everybody was watching the news.
I was like, so how much responsibility do we... What role do we
Play in in all of this. And everybody just turned around.
And what are you talking about?
We supply these chips.
Huhhu in the video game machine.
So what role do I play?
on the death of these teenagers.
An youngster, Everybody just laughed at me. Oh how nice.
How naive, we know? this is the
mhmm, about monster
Everybody was like, oh, oh, you're so innocent and
naive, that's just not the way the world works.
And that's when I said, I really can't stay in this business. Like, it's just not me.
And then I remember this hit.
It was and I and that was the realization, I can't change the world.
It's already on the site
Has like, is on this path and I cannot
Only God can change it, but...
I told myself that I can, what I can do.
has changed the world for the kids.
Right, and I decided like, oh my gosh, I want to work with kids.
It's like teenagers.
And I want them when they walk out.
that the the world is not going to change more than
but they can have
the option, they can change their path.
into the world that they want to walk into.
And that's when I'm like, I want to be a teacher. And that was just a realization.
That's what I want to do. And so I called up my dad and I'm like, I'm coming home next week.
Huhhahhhaa I'm gonna be a teacher and my dad's like okay
So um
I quit and I I had not used online.
days and stuff so I left a month earlier and I already um
you.
I missed the deadline for applying in the fall to, for the fall admission so
I went and I told my dad, I'm going to come back early and I'm in actually
do temp jobs because now I know what I want to do.
Um I'm gonna do temp jobs near my house.
instead of staying here and paying out all that.
Um rent and everything, so my dad's like, okay.
Because he goes, I guess you found your path. So then.
I come came back, got temp jobs and started applying for different...